abandon negative
abandoned negative
abandonment negative
abba positive
abduction negative
aberrant negative
aberration negative
abhor negative
abhorrent negative
ability positive
abject negative
abnormal negative
abolish negative
abolition negative
abominable negative
abomination negative
abort negative
abortion negative
abortive negative
abovementioned positive
abrasion negative
abrogate negative
abscess negative
absence negative
absent negative
absentee negative
absenteeism negative
absolute positive
absolution positive
absorbed positive
absurd negative
absurdity negative
abundance negative
abundance positive
abundant positive
abuse negative
abysmal negative
abyss negative
academic positive
academy positive
acceptable positive
acceptance positive
accessible positive
accident negative
accidental negative
accolade positive
accommodation positive
accompaniment positive
accomplish positive
accomplished positive
accomplishment positive
accord positive
accountability positive
accountable positive
accredited positive
accueil positive
accurate positive
accursed negative
accusation negative
accusative negative
accused negative
accuser negative
accusing negative
ace positive
ache negative
achieve positive
achievement positive
aching negative
acid negative
acknowledgment positive
acquire positive
acquiring positive
acrobat positive
action positive
actionable negative
actual positive
acuity positive
acumen positive
adapt positive
adaptable positive
adder negative
addiction negative
addresses positive
adept positive
adequacy positive
adipose negative
adjudicate negative
adjunct positive
admirable positive
admiral positive
admiration positive
admire positive
admirer positive
admissible positive
admonition negative
adorable positive
adoration positive
adore positive
adrift negative
adulterated negative
adultery negative
advance positive
advanced positive
advancement positive
advantage positive
advantageous positive
advent positive
adventure positive
adventurous positive
adversary negative
adverse negative
adversity negative
advisable positive
advise positive
adviser positive
advocacy positive
aesthetic positive
aesthetics positive
affable positive
affection positive
affiliated positive
affirm positive
affirmation positive
affirmative positive
affirmatively positive
afflict negative
afflicted negative
affliction negative
affluence positive
affluent positive
afford positive
affront negative
afraid negative
aftermath negative
aftertaste negative
aga positive
aggravated negative
aggravating negative
aggravation negative
aggression negative
aggressive negative
aggressor negative
aghast negative
agile positive
agility positive
agitated negative
agitation negative
agonizing negative
agony negative
agree positive
agreeable positive
agreed positive
agreeing positive
agreement positive
agriculture positive
aground negative
ahead positive
aid positive
aiding positive
ail negative
ailing negative
aimless negative
airs negative
alabaster positive
alarm negative
alarming negative
alcoholism negative
alertness positive
alien negative
alienate negative
alienated negative
alienation negative
alimentation positive
alimony negative
alive positive
allay positive
allegation negative
allege negative
allegiance positive
allegro positive
alleviate positive
alleviation positive
allied positive
allowable positive
allure positive
alluring positive
ally positive
almighty positive
aloha positive
aloof negative
altercation negative
amazingly positive
ambassador positive
ambiguous negative
ambition positive
ambush negative
ameliorate positive
amen positive
amenable positive
amend positive
amends positive
amenity positive
amiable positive
amicable positive
amnesia negative
amnesty positive
amour positive
amphetamines negative
amuse positive
amused positive
amusement positive
amusing positive
anaconda negative
anal negative
analyst positive
anarchism negative
anarchist negative
anarchy negative
anathema negative
anchor positive
anchorage positive
ancient negative
angel positive
angelic positive
anger negative
angina negative
angling negative
angry negative
anguish negative
animate positive
animated positive
animosity negative
animus negative
annihilate negative
annihilated negative
annihilation negative
annoy negative
annoyance negative
annoying negative
annul negative
annulment negative
anomaly negative
anonymous negative
antagonism negative
antagonist negative
antagonistic negative
anthrax negative
antibiotics positive
antichrist negative
antidote positive
antifungal positive
antipathy negative
antiquated negative
antique positive
antiseptic positive
antisocial negative
antithesis negative
anxiety negative
anxious negative
apache negative
apathetic negative
apathy negative
aphid negative
aplomb positive
apologetic positive
apologize positive
apology positive
apostle positive
appalling negative
appendicitis negative
applause positive
appreciation positive
apprehension negative
apprehensive negative
approbation positive
appropriation negative
approval positive
approve positive
approving positive
apt positive
aptitude positive
archaeology positive
archaic negative
ardent positive
ardor positive
arduous negative
argue negative
argument negative
argumentative negative
arid negative
aristocracy positive
aristocratic positive
armaments negative
armed negative
armed positive
armor positive
aroma positive
arouse positive
arraignment negative
array positive
arrears negative
arrest negative
arrogance negative
arrogant negative
arsenic negative
arson negative
art positive
articulate positive
articulation positive
artillery negative
artisan positive
artiste positive
artistic positive
ascendancy positive
ascent positive
ash negative
ashamed negative
ashes negative
aspiration positive
aspire positive
aspiring positive
ass negative
assail negative
assailant negative
assassin negative
assassinate negative
assassination negative
assault negative
assembly positive
assent positive
asserting positive
assets positive
asshole negative
assist positive
assistance positive
associate positive
assuage positive
assurance positive
assured positive
astonishingly positive
astonishment positive
astray negative
astringent negative
astrologer positive
astronaut positive
astronomer positive
astute positive
asylum negative
atheism negative
atherosclerosis negative
athlete positive
athletic positive
atom positive
atone positive
atonement positive
atrocious negative
atrocity negative
atrophy negative
attachment positive
attack negative
attacking negative
attainable positive
attainment positive
attendant positive
attention positive
attentive positive
attenuated negative
attenuation negative
attest positive
attorney positive
attraction positive
attractiveness positive
audacity negative
augment positive
august positive
aunt positive
aura positive
auspicious positive
austere negative
austerity negative
authentic positive
authenticity positive
author positive
authoritative positive
authority positive
authorization positive
authorized positive
autocratic negative
autopsy negative
avalanche negative
avarice negative
avatar positive
avenger negative
averse negative
aversion negative
avoid negative
avoidance negative
award positive
awful negative
awkwardness negative
awry negative
ay positive
aye positive
babble negative
babbling negative
baboon negative
baby positive
baccalaureate positive
backbone positive
backward negative
backwards negative
backwater negative
bacteria negative
bacterium negative
bad negative
badger negative
badly negative
badness negative
bailiff negative
bait negative
balance positive
balanced positive
bale negative
balk negative
ballad positive
ballet positive
ballot positive
balm negative
balm positive
balsam positive
ban negative
bandit negative
bane negative
bang negative
banger negative
banish negative
banished negative
banishment negative
bankrupt negative
bankruptcy negative
banquet positive
banshee negative
baptism positive
baptismal positive
barb negative
barbarian negative
barbaric negative
barbarism negative
bard positive
bargain positive
bark negative
barred negative
barren negative
barricade negative
barrier negative
baseless negative
basketball positive
bastard negative
bastion positive
bath positive
batter negative
battered negative
battery negative
battle negative
battled negative
battlefield negative
bawdy negative
bayonet negative
beam positive
beaming positive
bearer negative
beast negative
beastly negative
beating negative
beautification positive
beautiful positive
beautify positive
beauty positive
bedrock positive
beer positive
befall negative
befitting positive
befriend positive
beg negative
beggar negative
begging negative
behemoth negative
beholden negative
belated negative
believing positive
belittle negative
belligerent negative
belt negative
bender negative
benefactor positive
beneficial positive
benefit positive
benevolence positive
benign positive
bereaved negative
bereavement negative
bereft negative
berserk negative
berth positive
bestial negative
betray negative
betrayal negative
betrothed positive
betterment positive
beverage positive
beware negative
bewildered negative
bias negative
biased negative
biblical positive
bickering negative
bier negative
bigot negative
bigoted negative
bile negative
bilingual positive
biopsy negative
birch negative
birth positive
birthday positive
birthplace negative
bitch negative
bite negative
bitterly negative
bitterness negative
bizarre negative
black negative
blackjack negative
blackmail negative
blackness negative
blame negative
blameless positive
bland negative
blasphemous negative
blasphemy negative
blast negative
blatant negative
blather negative
blaze negative
bleak negative
bleeding negative
blemish negative
bless positive
blessed positive
blessing positive
blessings positive
blight negative
blighted negative
blind negative
blinded negative
blindly negative
blindness negative
bliss positive
blissful positive
blister negative
bloated negative
blob negative
blockade negative
bloodless positive
bloodshed negative
bloodthirsty negative
bloody negative
bloom positive
blossom positive
blot negative
blower negative
blowout negative
blues negative
bluff negative
blunder negative
blur negative
blurred negative
blush negative
boast negative
boast positive
boasting negative
bodyguard positive
bog negative
bogus negative
boil negative
boilerplate negative
boisterous negative
boisterous positive
bold positive
boldness positive
bolster positive
bomb negative
bombard negative
bombardment negative
bombed negative
bonanza positive
bondage negative
bonds negative
bonne positive
bonus positive
boo negative
booby negative
bookish positive
bookshop positive
bookworm negative
bookworm positive
boon positive
booze negative
bore negative
boredom negative
boring negative
borrower negative
bother negative
bothering negative
bottom negative
bound negative
bountiful positive
bounty positive
bouquet positive
bout negative
bovine negative
boy negative
boycott negative
brag negative
brains positive
brandy negative
bravado negative
bravery positive
brawl negative
brazen negative
breach negative
breakdown negative
breakfast positive
breakneck negative
breakup negative
bribe negative
bribery negative
bridal positive
bride positive
bridegroom positive
bridesmaid positive
brigade negative
brighten positive
brightness positive
brilliant positive
brimstone negative
bristle negative
broadside negative
brocade positive
broil negative
broke negative
broken negative
brothel negative
brother positive
brotherhood positive
brotherly positive
bruise negative
brunt negative
brutal negative
brutality negative
brute negative
buck negative
buck positive
buddy positive
buffet negative
bug negative
bugaboo negative
build positive
building positive
bulbous negative
bulldog positive
bulletproof positive
bully negative
bum negative
bummer negative
buoy positive
burdensome negative
bureaucracy negative
bureaucrat negative
burglar negative
burglary negative
burial negative
buried negative
burke negative
burnt negative
buss positive
busted negative
butcher negative
butler positive
butt negative
buttery positive
buxom positive
buzz positive
buzzed negative
cab positive
cabal negative
cabinet positive
cacophony negative
cad negative
cadaver negative
cafe positive
cage negative
calculating negative
calculator positive
calf positive
callous negative
calls negative
calm positive
campaigning negative
canary positive
cancel negative
cancer negative
candid positive
candidate positive
candied positive
canker negative
cannibal negative
cannibalism negative
cannon negative
capitalist positive
captain positive
captivate positive
captivating positive
captive negative
captivity negative
captor negative
capture negative
carcass negative
carcinoma negative
cardiomyopathy negative
career positive
careful positive
carefully positive
carelessness negative
caress positive
caretaker positive
caricature negative
caries negative
carnage negative
carnal negative
carnivorous negative
carol positive
cartel negative
cascade positive
case negative
cash positive
casket negative
caste negative
casualty negative
cataract negative
catastrophe negative
categorical positive
cater positive
cathartic positive
cathedral positive
catheter negative
caution negative
cautious positive
cautiously positive
cede negative
celebrated positive
celebrating positive
celebration positive
celebrity negative
celebrity positive
celestial positive
cemetery negative
censor negative
censure negative
center positive
centurion positive
cerebral positive
ceremony positive
certainty positive
cess negative
cessation negative
chaff negative
chafing negative
chagrin negative
chairman positive
chairwoman positive
challenge negative
champion positive
chant positive
chaos negative
chaotic negative
charade negative
chargeable negative
charger positive
charitable positive
charity positive
charm positive
charmed negative
charmed positive
charming positive
chase negative
chastisement negative
chastity positive
chattering positive
chatty negative
cheap negative
cheat negative
checklist positive
cheer positive
cheerful positive
cheerfulness positive
cheering positive
cheery positive
cheesecake negative
chemist positive
cherish positive
cherry positive
chicane negative
chieftain positive
child positive
childhood positive
childish negative
chilly negative
chirp positive
chisel positive
chivalry positive
chloroform negative
chocolate positive
choice positive
choir positive
choke negative
cholera negative
chop negative
choral positive
chore negative
chorus positive
chosen positive
chowder positive
chronic negative
chronicle positive
chuckle positive
church positive
cider positive
cigarette negative
circumcision positive
circumvention negative
circumvention positive
citizen positive
civil positive
civility positive
civilization positive
civilized positive
clairvoyant positive
clamor negative
clap positive
clarify positive
clash negative
clashing negative
classic positive
classical positive
classics positive
classify positive
claw negative
clean positive
cleaning positive
cleanliness positive
cleanly positive
cleanse positive
cleansing positive
clearance positive
clearness positive
clerical positive
clever positive
cleverness positive
climax positive
cloister negative
closeness positive
closure positive
clothe positive
clouded negative
cloudiness negative
clown positive
clump negative
clumsy negative
coalition positive
coast positive
cocaine negative
coerce negative
coercion negative
coexist positive
coffin negative
cogent positive
cognitive positive
coherence positive
coherent positive
cohesive positive
cold negative
coldly negative
coldness negative
colic negative
collapse negative
collectively positive
collision negative
collusion negative
colonel positive
colossal positive
coma negative
comatose negative
combat negative
combatant negative
combative negative
comfort positive
commandant positive
commanding positive
commemorate positive
commemoration positive
commemorative positive
commend positive
commendable positive
commentator positive
committal negative
committed positive
commodore positive
commonwealth positive
commotion negative
communicate positive
communicative positive
communion positive
communism negative
communist negative
community positive
commutation positive
commute positive
companion positive
compassion positive
compassionate positive
compatibility positive
compatible positive
compelling positive
compensate positive
compensatory positive
competence positive
competency positive
competent positive
competition negative
complacency positive
complain negative
complaint negative
complement positive
complementary positive
completely positive
completeness positive
completing positive
completion positive
complexed negative
complexity negative
compliance positive
compliant positive
complicate negative
complicated negative
complication negative
complicity negative
complicity positive
compliment positive
composed positive
composer positive
compost negative
composure positive
comprehend positive
comprehensive positive
compulsion negative
compulsory negative
comrade positive
conceal negative
concealed negative
concealment negative
conceit negative
conceited negative
concentric positive
conciliation positive
concluding positive
concord positive
concordance positive
concussion negative
condemn negative
condemnation negative
condescending negative
condescension negative
condolence positive
condone positive
conducive positive
conductivity positive
confederate positive
confess negative
confess positive
confession negative
confidence positive
confident positive
confine negative
confined negative
confinement negative
confirmed positive
confiscate negative
confiscation negative
conflagration negative
conflict negative
conflicting negative
conformance positive
confound negative
confounded negative
confuse negative
confusion negative
congenial positive
congestion negative
congratulatory positive
congregation positive
congruence positive
conjuring negative
connoisseur positive
conquest negative
conscience positive
conscientious positive
consciousness positive
consecration positive
conservation positive
conserve positive
considerable positive
considerate positive
consistency positive
console positive
consonant positive
conspirator negative
conspire negative
constancy positive
constant positive
consternation negative
constipation negative
constitutional positive
constrain negative
constrained negative
constraint negative
construct positive
consummate positive
contact positive
contagion negative
contagious negative
contaminate negative
contaminated negative
contamination negative
contemplation positive
contempt negative
contemptible negative
contemptuous negative
content positive
contentious negative
continue positive
contour positive
contraband negative
contracted negative
contradict negative
contradiction negative
contradictory negative
contrary negative
contrasted negative
contravene negative
contravention negative
contribute positive
contributor positive
controversial negative
controversy negative
convenience positive
convenient positive
convent positive
convention positive
conversant positive
conversational positive
convert positive
convict negative
conviction negative
convince positive
cool positive
coolness positive
coop negative
cooperate positive
cooperating positive
cooperation positive
cooperative positive
copy negative
copycat negative
core positive
coronation positive
coroner negative
corporal negative
corporation positive
corporeal positive
corpse negative
correction negative
corrective positive
correspondence positive
corroborate positive
corrosion negative
corrosive negative
corrupt negative
corrupting negative
corruption negative
cosmopolitan positive
cosy positive
cough negative
council positive
counsel positive
counsellor negative
counselor positive
count positive
countess positive
courage positive
courageous positive
coursing negative
courteous positive
courtesy positive
courtship positive
cove positive
covenant positive
covet negative
coward negative
cowardice negative
cowardly negative
crabby negative
crack negative
cracked negative
cracking negative
cradle positive
craft positive
craftsman positive
cramp negative
cramped negative
crank negative
cranky negative
crap negative
crash negative
crawl negative
crazed negative
crazy negative
creaking negative
cream positive
create positive
creative positive
creature negative
credence positive
credential positive
credibility positive
credible positive
credit positive
creditable positive
credited positive
creep negative
crescendo positive
crime negative
criminal negative
criminality negative
cringe negative
cripple negative
crippled negative
crisis negative
crisp negative
critic negative
criticism negative
criticize negative
critique positive
crook negative
cross negative
crouching negative
crowning positive
crucial positive
cruciate negative
crucifixion negative
crude negative
cruel negative
cruelly negative
cruelty negative
crumbling negative
crunch negative
crusade negative
crushed negative
crushing negative
crusty negative
cry negative
crying negative
crypt negative
crystal positive
cuckold negative
cuckoo negative
cuddle positive
culinary positive
cull negative
culmination positive
culpability negative
culpable negative
culprit negative
cult negative
cultivate positive
cultivated positive
cultivation positive
culture positive
cumbersome negative
cunning negative
cunning positive
cupping negative
cur negative
curable positive
curiosity positive
curl positive
curse negative
cursed negative
cursing negative
cursory negative
cushion positive
customer positive
cute positive
cutter negative
cutters positive
cutthroat negative
cutting negative
cyanide negative
cyclone negative
cyst negative
cytomegalovirus negative
dabbling negative
daemon negative
daft negative
dagger negative
damage negative
damages negative
dame positive
damn negative
damnation negative
damned negative
damper negative
dance positive
dandruff negative
dandy negative
danger negative
dangerous negative
daring positive
darken negative
darkened negative
darkness negative
darling positive
dashed negative
dashing positive
dastardly negative
daughter positive
dawn positive
dazed negative
deactivate negative
deadlock negative
deadly negative
deaf negative
deal positive
dear positive
death negative
debacle negative
debate positive
debauchery negative
debris negative
debt negative
debtor negative
decay negative
decayed negative
deceased negative
deceit negative
deceitful negative
deceive negative
deceived negative
deceiving negative
decency positive
decent positive
deception negative
deceptive negative
declaratory positive
declination negative
decline negative
declining negative
decomposition negative
decrease negative
decrement negative
decrepit negative
decry negative
dedication positive
deduct negative
defamation negative
defamatory negative
default negative
defeat negative
defeated negative
defect negative
defection negative
defective negative
defend positive
defended positive
defender positive
defending positive
defense positive
defenseless negative
deference positive
deferral negative
defiance negative
defiant negative
deficiency negative
deficit negative
definitive positive
deflate negative
deflation negative
deform negative
deformed negative
deformity negative
defraud negative
defunct negative
defy negative
degeneracy negative
degenerate negative
degradation negative
degrade negative
degrading negative
degree positive
delay negative
delayed negative
delectable positive
delegate positive
deleterious negative
deletion negative
deliberate positive
delicious positive
delight positive
delighted positive
delightful positive
delinquency negative
delinquent negative
delirious negative
delirium negative
deliverance positive
delivery positive
deluge negative
delusion negative
delusional negative
demand negative
demanding negative
demented negative
dementia negative
demise negative
democracy positive
demolish negative
demolition negative
demon negative
demonic negative
demonstrable positive
demonstrative positive
demoralized negative
denial negative
denied negative
denounce negative
denunciation negative
deny negative
denying negative
departed negative
departure negative
dependence negative
dependency negative
dependent negative
dependent positive
deplorable negative
deplore negative
deport negative
deportation negative
depraved negative
depravity negative
depreciate negative
depreciated negative
depreciation negative
depress negative
depressed negative
depressing negative
depression negative
depressive negative
deprivation negative
depth positive
deranged negative
derelict negative
derision negative
derogation negative
derogatory negative
descriptive positive
desecration negative
desert negative
deserted negative
desertion negative
deserve positive
deserved positive
designer positive
desirable positive
desiring positive
desirous positive
desist negative
desolation negative
despair negative
despairing negative
desperate negative
despicable negative
despise negative
despotic negative
despotism negative
destination positive
destitute negative
destroyed negative
destroyer negative
destroying negative
destruction negative
destructive negative
detachment negative
detain negative
detainee negative
detect positive
detection positive
detention negative
deteriorate negative
deteriorated negative
deterioration negative
determination positive
determined positive
detest negative
detonate negative
detract negative
detriment negative
detrimental negative
detritus negative
devastate negative
devastating negative
devastation negative
develop positive
devil negative
devilish negative
devious negative
devolution negative
devotional positive
devour negative
devout positive
dexterity positive
diabolical negative
diagnosis negative
diamond positive
diary positive
diatribe negative
dictator negative
dictatorial negative
dictatorship negative
dictionary positive
didactic positive
die negative
dietary positive
difficulties negative
difficulty negative
dignified positive
dignity positive
digress negative
dilapidated negative
diligence positive
dilute negative
diminish negative
diminished negative
din negative
dinner positive
diplomacy positive
diplomatic positive
dire negative
director positive
dirt negative
dirty negative
disability negative
disable negative
disabled negative
disaffected negative
disagree negative
disagreeing negative
disagreement negative
disallowed negative
disappoint negative
disappointed negative
disappointing negative
disappointment negative
disapproval negative
disapprove negative
disapproved negative
disapproving negative
disaster negative
disastrous negative
disbelieve negative
discards negative
discharge negative
discipline negative
disclaim negative
discoloration negative
discolored negative
discomfort negative
disconnect negative
disconnected negative
disconnection negative
discontent negative
discontinue negative
discontinuity negative
discord negative
discourage negative
discouragement negative
discovery positive
discredit negative
discreet positive
discretion positive
discretionary positive
discriminate negative
discriminating negative
discrimination negative
discussion positive
disdain negative
disease negative
diseased negative
disembodied negative
disengagement negative
disfigured negative
disgrace negative
disgraced negative
disgraceful negative
disgruntled negative
disgust negative
disgusting negative
disheartened negative
disheartening negative
dishonest negative
dishonesty negative
dishonor negative
disillusionment negative
disinfection positive
disinformation negative
disingenuous negative
disintegrate negative
disintegration negative
disinterested negative
dislike negative
disliked negative
dislocated negative
dismal negative
dismay negative
dismemberment negative
dismissal negative
disobedience negative
disobedient negative
disobey negative
disorder negative
disorderly negative
disorganized negative
disparage negative
disparaging negative
disparity negative
dispassionate negative
dispel negative
dispersion negative
displace negative
displeased negative
displeasure negative
disposal negative
disposed positive
dispossessed negative
dispute negative
disqualification negative
disqualified negative
disqualify negative
disregard negative
disregarded negative
disreputable negative
disrespect negative
disrespectful negative
disruption negative
dissatisfaction negative
disseminate positive
dissension negative
dissenting negative
disservice negative
dissident negative
dissolution negative
dissonance negative
distaste negative
distasteful negative
distillation positive
distinction positive
distorted negative
distortion negative
distract negative
distracted negative
distracting negative
distraction negative
distraught negative
distress negative
distressed negative
distressing negative
distrust negative
disturbance negative
disturbed negative
disuse negative
disused negative
ditty positive
divergent negative
diverse negative
diverse positive
diversified positive
diversion positive
divested negative
divestment negative
divinity positive
divorce negative
dizziness negative
dizzy negative
docked negative
doctor positive
doer positive
dogged positive
doit negative
doldrums negative
dole negative
dolor negative
dolphin positive
dominant negative
dominate negative
dominate positive
domination negative
don positive
donation positive
donkey negative
doodle negative
doom negative
doomed negative
doomsday negative
doubt negative
doubtful negative
doubting negative
doubtless positive
douche negative
dour negative
dove positive
downfall negative
downy positive
drab negative
drainage negative
drawback negative
dread negative
dreadful negative
dreadfully negative
dreary negative
drinking negative
drivel negative
drone negative
drooping negative
drought negative
drown negative
drowsiness negative
drudgery negative
drunken negative
drunkenness negative
dubious negative
duet positive
duke positive
dull negative
dumb negative
dummy negative
dumps negative
dun negative
dungeon negative
dupe negative
duplicity negative
durability positive
durable positive
duress negative
dust negative
dutiful positive
dwarfed negative
dying negative
dysentery negative
eager positive
eagerness positive
earl positive
earn positive
earnest positive
earnestly positive
earnestness positive
earthquake negative
ease positive
easement positive
easygoing positive
eat positive
eavesdropping negative
ecstasy positive
ecstatic positive
edict negative
edification positive
educate positive
educated positive
educational positive
effective positive
effeminate negative
efficacy positive
efficiency positive
efficient positive
effort positive
egotistical negative
egregious negative
ejaculation positive
eject negative
ejection negative
elaboration positive
elated positive
elder positive
elders positive
elect positive
electric positive
electricity positive
elegance positive
elegant positive
elevation positive
eligible positive
elimination negative
elite positive
eloquence positive
eloquent positive
elucidate positive
elusive negative
emaciated negative
emancipation positive
embargo negative
embarrass negative
embarrassing negative
embarrassment negative
embezzlement negative
embolism negative
embrace positive
embroiled negative
emergency negative
emeritus positive
eminence positive
eminent positive
eminently positive
emir positive
empathy positive
empower positive
emulate positive
enable positive
enablement positive
enchant positive
enchanted positive
enchanting positive
enclave negative
encore positive
encourage positive
encouragement positive
encroachment negative
encumbrance negative
encyclopedia positive
endanger negative
endangered negative
endeavor positive
endemic negative
endless negative
endless positive
endow positive
endowed positive
endowment positive
endurance positive
endure positive
enemy negative
energetic positive
enforce negative
enforce positive
enforcement negative
engaged positive
engaging positive
enhance positive
enigmatic negative
enjoy positive
enjoying positive
enlighten positive
enlightenment positive
enliven positive
enmity negative
enrich positive
ensemble positive
ensign positive
enslave negative
enslaved negative
enslavement negative
entangled negative
entanglement negative
enterprising positive
entertain positive
entertained positive
entertaining positive
entertainment positive
enthusiasm positive
enthusiast positive
entrails negative
envious negative
environ positive
ephemeris positive
epic positive
epidemic negative
epilepsy negative
epitome positive
equality positive
equally positive
equilibrium positive
equity positive
eradicate negative
eradication negative
erase negative
erosion negative
erotic negative
erotic positive
err negative
errand positive
errant negative
erratic negative
erratum negative
erroneous negative
error negative
erudite positive
erupt negative
eruption negative
escalate negative
escape negative
escape positive
eschew negative
espionage negative
esprit positive
essential positive
established positive
esteem positive
esthetic positive
estranged negative
ethical positive
ethics positive
euthanasia negative
evacuate negative
evacuation negative
evade negative
evasion negative
evergreen positive
everlasting positive
evict negative
eviction negative
evident positive
evil negative
evolution positive
exacerbate negative
exacerbation negative
exacting negative
exaggerate negative
exaggerated negative
exalt positive
exaltation positive
exalted positive
examination negative
exasperation negative
excavation negative
exceed positive
excel positive
excellence positive
excellent positive
excess negative
exchange positive
excise negative
excitable positive
excitation positive
excite positive
excited positive
excitement positive
exciting positive
excluded negative
excluding negative
exclusion negative
excrement negative
excruciating negative
excuse negative
execution negative
executioner negative
exemplary positive
exemption positive
exhaust negative
exhausted negative
exhaustion negative
exhilaration positive
exhort positive
exhortation positive
exigent negative
exile negative
existence positive
exorcism negative
exotic positive
expatriate negative
expect positive
expectation positive
expedient positive
expedition positive
expel negative
expenditure negative
expenses negative
experienced positive
expert positive
expertise positive
expire negative
expired negative
explain positive
expletive negative
explode negative
explosion negative
explosive negative
exposed negative
expropriation negative
expulsion negative
exquisite positive
exquisitely positive
extend positive
extensive positive
exterminate negative
extermination negative
extinct negative
extinguish negative
extra positive
extrajudicial negative
extraordinary positive
extremity negative
extricate positive
exuberance positive
fabricate negative
fabrication negative
facilitate positive
facts positive
faculty positive
fade negative
faeces negative
failing negative
failure negative
fain positive
fainting negative
fair positive
fairly positive
faith positive
faithful positive
faithless negative
fake negative
fall negative
fallacious negative
fallacy negative
fallible negative
falling negative
fallow negative
falsehood negative
falsely negative
falsification negative
falsify negative
falsity negative
falter negative
fame positive
familiar positive
familiarity positive
famine negative
famous positive
famously positive
fanatic negative
fancy positive
fanfare positive
farce negative
farcical negative
fascinating positive
fascination positive
fashionable positive
fasting negative
fat negative
fatal negative
fatality negative
fate negative
fatigue negative
fatigued negative
fatty negative
fault negative
faultless positive
faulty negative
favorable positive
favorite positive
favoritism positive
fawn negative
fear negative
fearful negative
fearfully negative
fearing negative
fearless positive
feat positive
feature positive
febrile negative
fecal negative
feces negative
fee negative
feeble negative
feeling negative
feeling positive
feigned negative
felicity positive
fell negative
fellow positive
fellowship positive
felon negative
felony negative
female positive
ferment negative
ferocious negative
ferocity negative
fertile positive
fervor positive
festival positive
festive positive
fete positive
feud negative
feudal negative
feudalism negative
feverish negative
fiasco negative
fib negative
fickle negative
fictitious negative
fidelity positive
fiend negative
fierce negative
fiesta positive
fight negative
fighting negative
filibuster negative
filth negative
filthy negative
finally positive
finery positive
finesse positive
firearms negative
fireball positive
fireproof positive
firmness positive
firstborn positive
fits negative
fitting positive
fixture positive
flabby negative
flaccid negative
flagging negative
flagrant negative
flake negative
flap negative
flattering positive
flatulence negative
flaunt negative
flaw negative
flea negative
flee negative
fleece negative
fleet positive
fleshy negative
flexibility positive
flinch negative
flirt negative
flirt positive
flog negative
flop negative
floral positive
flounder negative
flow positive
flowery positive
flu negative
fluctuation negative
flush positive
flying positive
focus positive
foe negative
foiled negative
folly negative
fondness positive
food positive
fool negative
foolish negative
foolishness negative
football positive
forage negative
foray negative
forbearance positive
forbid negative
forbidding negative
force negative
forced negative
forcibly negative
fore positive
foreboding negative
foreclose negative
forefathers positive
forego negative
foregoing positive
foreign negative
foreigner negative
foreman positive
forerunner positive
foresee positive
foreseen positive
foresight positive
forewarned negative
forfeit negative
forfeited negative
forfeiture negative
forge positive
forgery negative
forget negative
forgive positive
forgiven positive
forgiving positive
forgotten negative
forlorn negative
formative positive
formless negative
formula positive
fornication negative
forsake negative
forsaken negative
forte positive
forthcoming positive
fortify positive
fortitude positive
fortress positive
fortunate positive
fortune positive
forward positive
foul negative
found positive
foundation positive
fracture negative
fragile negative
fragrant positive
frailty negative
frank positive
frankness positive
frantic negative
fraternal positive
fraud negative
fraudulent negative
fraught negative
fray negative
frayed negative
freakish negative
freedom positive
freely positive
freezing negative
frenetic negative
frenzied negative
frenzy negative
fret negative
friend positive
friendliness positive
friendly positive
friendship positive
fright negative
frighten negative
frightened negative
frightful negative
frigid negative
frisky positive
frivolous negative
frolic positive
frostbite negative
froth negative
frown negative
frowning negative
frugal positive
fruitful positive
fruitless negative
frustrate negative
frustrated negative
frustration negative
fudge negative
fugitive negative
fulfill positive
fulfillment positive
full positive
fully positive
fumble negative
fume negative
fuming negative
fun positive
fundamental positive
fungus negative
funk negative
furious negative
furor negative
fury negative
fuse positive
fusion positive
fuss negative
fussy negative
futile negative
futility negative
gaby negative
gag negative
gain positive
gaining positive
gall negative
gallant positive
gallantry positive
gallows negative
galore positive
gamble negative
gambler negative
gambling negative
gang negative
gaol negative
gap negative
garbage negative
garden positive
garish negative
garnet positive
garnish negative
garrison positive
gash negative
gasping negative
gauche negative
gaunt negative
gazette positive
gear positive
gem positive
general positive
generosity positive
generous positive
genial positive
genius positive
gent negative
genteel positive
gentleman positive
gentleness positive
gentry positive
genuine positive
geranium positive
geriatric negative
ghastly negative
ghetto negative
ghostly negative
gibberish negative
gift positive
gifted positive
gigantic positive
giggle positive
girder positive
giving positive
glacial negative
glad positive
gladness positive
glare negative
glaring negative
glee positive
glib negative
glide positive
glimmer positive
glittering positive
gloom negative
gloomy negative
glorification positive
glorify positive
glory positive
gloss positive
glow positive
glowing positive
glum negative
glut negative
gluttony negative
gnome negative
goblin negative
god positive
godless negative
godly positive
godsend positive
gold positive
gonorrhea negative
goo negative
good positive
goodly positive
goodness positive
goods positive
goodwill positive
gore negative
gorge negative
gorgeous positive
gorilla negative
gory negative
gospel positive
gossip negative
gouge negative
gout negative
govern positive
government negative
grab negative
grace positive
graceful positive
gracious positive
graciously positive
graduation positive
grandchildren positive
grandeur positive
grandmother positive
grant positive
granted positive
grasping negative
grate negative
grated negative
grateful positive
gratify positive
grating negative
gratitude positive
grave negative
greater positive
greatness positive
greed negative
greedy negative
green positive
greeting positive
gregarious positive
grenade negative
grief negative
grievance negative
grieve negative
grievous negative
grim negative
grime negative
grimy negative
grin positive
grinding negative
grisly negative
grist positive
grit positive
grizzly negative
groan negative
grope negative
gross negative
grotesque negative
grounded negative
groundless negative
groundwork positive
grow positive
growl negative
growling negative
growth positive
grudge negative
grudgingly negative
gruesome negative
gruff negative
grumble negative
grumpy negative
guarantee positive
guard positive
guardian positive
guardianship positive
gubernatorial positive
guerilla negative
guidance positive
guide positive
guidebook positive
guile negative
guillotine negative
guilt negative
guilty negative
guise negative
gull negative
gullible negative
gun negative
guru positive
gush negative
guts positive
guzzling negative
gymnast positive
gypsy negative
habitat positive
hag negative
haggard negative
hail negative
hail positive
hairy negative
hale positive
halfway negative
hallucination negative
halter negative
halting negative
hamper negative
hamstring negative
handicap negative
handy positive
hanging negative
hangman negative
happily positive
happiness positive
happy positive
harass negative
harbinger negative
hardened negative
hardness negative
hardship negative
hardy positive
harlot negative
harm negative
harmful negative
harmoniously positive
harmony positive
harrowing negative
harry negative
harshness negative
harvest positive
hash negative
hashish negative
hasty negative
hate negative
hateful negative
hating negative
hatred negative
haughty negative
haunt negative
haunted negative
haven positive
havoc negative
hazard negative
hazardous negative
haze negative
headache negative
headway positive
heady negative
heal positive
healing positive
healthful positive
healthy positive
hearing negative
hearsay negative
hearse negative
heartache negative
heartburn negative
heartfelt positive
hearth positive
heartily positive
heartless negative
heathen negative
heavenly positive
heavens positive
heavily negative
hedonism negative
hedonism positive
heel negative
heft positive
heighten negative
heinous negative
hell negative
hellish negative
helmet positive
helper positive
helpful positive
helpless negative
helplessness negative
hemorrhage negative
hemorrhoids negative
herbal positive
heresy negative
heretic negative
hermaphrodite negative
hero positive
heroic positive
heroics positive
heroin negative
heroine positive
heroism positive
herpes negative
herpesvirus negative
hesitation negative
heyday positive
hidden negative
hideous negative
highest negative
highest positive
hilarious positive
hilarity positive
hindering negative
hindrance negative
hippie negative
hire positive
hiss negative
hissing negative
hit negative
hitherto negative
hive negative
hoarse negative
hoary negative
hoax negative
hobby positive
hobo negative
hog negative
holiday positive
holiness positive
hollow negative
holocaust negative
holy positive
homage positive
homeless negative
homesick negative
homicidal negative
homicide negative
homology positive
homosexuality negative
honest positive
honesty positive
honey positive
honeymoon positive
honor positive
honorable positive
hood negative
hooked negative
hoot negative
hope positive
hopeful positive
hopeless negative
hopelessness negative
horde negative
horizon positive
horrible negative
horribly negative
horrid negative
horrific negative
horrified negative
horrifying negative
horror negative
horrors negative
hospitality positive
hostage negative
hostile negative
hostilities negative
hostility negative
household positive
housekeeping positive
howl negative
huff negative
hug positive
humane positive
humanitarian positive
humanity positive
humble negative
humble positive
humbled positive
humbly positive
humbug negative
humiliate negative
humiliating negative
humiliation negative
humility positive
humorist positive
humorous positive
hunch negative
hungry negative
hunter negative
hunting negative
hurrah positive
hurricane negative
hurried negative
hurt negative
hurtful negative
hurting negative
husbandry positive
hush positive
hustler negative
hut positive
hydra negative
hydrocephalus negative
hygienic positive
hymn positive
hype negative
hyperbole negative
hypocrisy negative
hypocrite negative
hypocritical negative
hysteria negative
hysterical negative
idealism positive
idiocy negative
idiot negative
idiotic negative
idler negative
idol positive
idolatry negative
ignorance negative
ignorant negative
ignore negative
ill negative
illegal negative
illegality negative
illegible negative
illegitimate negative
illicit negative
illiterate negative
illness negative
illogical negative
illuminate positive
illumination positive
illusion negative
illustrate positive
illustrious positive
imaginative positive
imitated negative
imitation negative
immaculate positive
immature negative
immaturity negative
immediately negative
immediately positive
immense positive
immerse positive
immoral negative
immorality negative
immortal positive
immovable negative
immovable positive
impair negative
impairment negative
impart positive
impartial positive
impartiality positive
impassable negative
impatience negative
impatient negative
impeach negative
impeachment negative
impeccable positive
impede negative
imperfection negative
imperfectly negative
impersonate negative
impersonation negative
impervious positive
implacable negative
implicate negative
impolite negative
importance positive
important positive
imposition negative
impossible negative
impotence negative
impotent negative
impound negative
impracticable negative
impress positive
impression positive
imprison negative
imprisoned negative
imprisonment negative
impropriety negative
improve positive
improved positive
improvement positive
improving positive
improvise positive
imprudent negative
impure negative
impurity negative
imputation negative
inability negative
inaccessible negative
inaccurate negative
inaction negative
inactivity negative
inadequacy negative
inadequate negative
inadmissible negative
inalienable positive
inane negative
inapplicable negative
inappropriate negative
inattention negative
inaudible negative
inauguration positive
incalculable negative
incapacity negative
incarceration negative
incase negative
incendiary negative
incense negative
incessant negative
incest negative
incestuous negative
incineration negative
incisive positive
incite negative
inclement negative
include positive
included positive
including positive
inclusive positive
incoherent negative
income negative
income positive
incompatible negative
incompetence negative
incompetent negative
incompleteness negative
incomprehensible negative
incongruous negative
inconsequential negative
inconsiderate negative
inconsistency negative
inconvenient negative
incorrect negative
increase positive
incredulous negative
incrimination negative
incubus negative
incur negative
incurable negative
incursion negative
indecent negative
indecision negative
indecisive negative
indefensible negative
indelible positive
indemnify negative
indemnity positive
indenture negative
independence positive
indestructible positive
indeterminate negative
indict negative
indictment negative
indifference negative
indigent negative
indignant negative
indignation negative
indistinct negative
individuality positive
indoctrination negative
indolent negative
indomitable positive
ineffable positive
ineffective negative
ineffectual negative
inefficiency negative
inefficient negative
inept negative
ineptitude negative
inequality negative
inequitable negative
inert negative
inexcusable negative
inexpensive positive
inexperience negative
inexperienced negative
inexplicable negative
infallible positive
infamous negative
infamy negative
infant positive
infanticide negative
infantile negative
infarct negative
infect negative
infection negative
infectious negative
inferior negative
inferiority negative
inferno negative
infertility negative
infestation negative
infidel negative
infidelity negative
infiltration negative
infiltration positive
infinite positive
infinity positive
infirm negative
infirmity negative
inflammation negative
inflated negative
inflation negative
inflict negative
infliction negative
influence negative
influence positive
influential positive
influenza negative
information positive
informer negative
infraction negative
infrequently negative
infringement negative
ingenious positive
inheritance positive
inhibit negative
inhospitable negative
inhuman negative
inhumanity negative
inimical negative
inimitable positive
iniquity negative
injunction negative
injure negative
injured negative
injurious negative
injury negative
injustice negative
inmate negative
innocence positive
innocent positive
innocently positive
innocuous positive
innovate positive
innovation positive
inoperative negative
inquirer positive
inquiry positive
inquisitive positive
insane negative
insanity negative
insecure negative
insecurity negative
inseparable positive
insidious negative
insignia positive
insignificance negative
insignificant negative
insipid negative
insolent negative
insolvency negative
insolvent negative
inspector positive
inspiration positive
inspire positive
inspired positive
instability negative
instigate negative
instigation negative
instinctive positive
instruct positive
instruction positive
instructor positive
instrumental positive
insufficiency negative
insufficient negative
insufficiently negative
insult negative
insulting negative
insure positive
insurgent negative
insurmountable negative
insurrection negative
intact positive
integrity positive
intellect positive
intellectual positive
intelligence positive
intelligent positive
intended positive
intense negative
intense positive
inter negative
intercourse positive
interdiction negative
interest positive
interested positive
interesting positive
interference negative
interior positive
interlocutory positive
interlude positive
interment negative
interminable negative
interminable positive
interrupt negative
interrupted negative
intervention negative
intervention positive
intestate negative
intimate positive
intimidate negative
intimidation negative
intolerable negative
intolerance negative
intolerant negative
intonation positive
intoxicated negative
intractable negative
intrepid positive
intrigue negative
intruder negative
intrusion negative
intrusive negative
intuition positive
intuitive positive
invade negative
invader negative
invalidate negative
invalidation negative
invalidity negative
invariably positive
invasion negative
inventive positive
inventor positive
investigate positive
invigorate positive
invitation positive
invite positive
inviting positive
involuntary negative
involution negative
irate negative
ire negative
iron positive
irons negative
irrational negative
irrationality negative
irreconcilable negative
irreducible positive
irrefutable positive
irregular negative
irregularity negative
irrelevant negative
irreparable negative
irresponsible negative
irreverent negative
irrevocable negative
irritability negative
irritable negative
irritating negative
irritation negative
isolated negative
isolation negative
jabber negative
jackpot positive
jail negative
jam positive
jargon negative
jarring negative
jaundice negative
jealous negative
jealousy negative
jeopardize negative
jeopardy negative
jest positive
job positive
john negative
join positive
joined positive
joke negative
joker positive
joking positive
jornada negative
journalist positive
journey positive
jovial positive
joy positive
joyful positive
joyous positive
jubilant positive
jubilee positive
judicial positive
judicious positive
jumble negative
jump positive
junk negative
junta negative
justice positive
justifiable positive
justification positive
juvenile negative
keepsake positive
ken positive
kern negative
keynote positive
keystone positive
kick negative
kidnap negative
kill negative
killing negative
kind positive
kindness positive
kindred positive
king positive
kiss positive
kite negative
kitten positive
knack positive
knell negative
knight positive
knotted negative
knowing positive
knowledge positive
kudos positive
labor positive
labored negative
laborious negative
labyrinth negative
lace negative
lace positive
lack negative
lacking negative
lackluster negative
laden negative
lag negative
lagging negative
lair negative
lamb positive
lament negative
land positive
landed positive
landslide negative
languid negative
languish negative
languishing negative
lapse negative
larceny negative
laser positive
lash negative
late negative
lateness negative
latent negative
latrines negative
laudable positive
laugh positive
laughable negative
laughing positive
laughter positive
launch positive
laureate positive
laurel positive
laurels positive
lava negative
lavish positive
lawful positive
lawlessness negative
lawsuit negative
lawyer negative
lax negative
laxative negative
lazy negative
lead positive
leader positive
league positive
leak negative
leakage negative
leaky negative
learn positive
learning positive
leave negative
lecturer positive
leech negative
leeches negative
leer negative
leeway positive
legal positive
legalized positive
legendary positive
legibility positive
legible positive
leisure positive
leisurely positive
lemma positive
lemon negative
lenient positive
leprosy negative
lesbian negative
lessen negative
lesser negative
lesson positive
lethal negative
lethargy negative
lettered positive
leukemia negative
level positive
leverage positive
levy negative
lewd negative
liaison negative
liar negative
libel negative
liberal negative
liberal positive
liberate positive
liberation positive
liberty positive
library positive
lick negative
lie negative
lifeblood positive
lifeless negative
lighthouse positive
liking positive
limited negative
limp negative
linguist positive
lint negative
lion positive
liquor negative
listless negative
lithe positive
litigant negative
litigate negative
litigation negative
litigious negative
litter negative
livid negative
loaf negative
loafer negative
loath negative
loathe negative
loathing negative
loathsome negative
lobbyist negative
lockup negative
locust negative
lofty negative
logical positive
loneliness negative
lonely negative
lonesome negative
longevity positive
loo negative
loom negative
loon negative
loony negative
loot negative
lord negative
lord positive
lordship positive
lose negative
losing negative
loss negative
lost negative
loudness negative
lounge negative
louse negative
lovable positive
love positive
lovely positive
lovemaking positive
lover positive
loving positive
lower negative
lowering negative
lowest negative
lowlands negative
lowly negative
loyal positive
loyalty positive
luck positive
lucky positive
ludicrous negative
lumbering negative
lump negative
lumpy negative
lunacy negative
lunatic negative
lurch negative
lure negative
lurid negative
lurk negative
lurking negative
luscious positive
lush negative
lust negative
luster positive
lustful negative
lustrous positive
luxuriant positive
luxurious positive
luxury positive
lying negative
lynch negative
lyre positive
lyrical positive
mace negative
mad negative
madden negative
madman negative
madness negative
mafia negative
maggot negative
magical positive
magnet positive
magnetism positive
magnetite positive
magnificence positive
magnificent positive
maiden positive
main positive
mainstay positive
majestic positive
majesty positive
major positive
majority positive
makeshift negative
malady negative
malaise negative
malaria negative
malevolent negative
malfeasance negative
malformation negative
malice negative
malicious negative
malign negative
malignancy negative
malignant negative
malpractice negative
manage positive
management positive
mandamus negative
mandarin positive
mange negative
mangle negative
manhood positive
mania negative
maniac negative
maniacal negative
manifested positive
manipulate negative
manipulation negative
manly positive
manna positive
mannered positive
manners positive
manslaughter negative
manufacturer positive
manure negative
mar negative
march positive
margin negative
marked positive
marketable positive
maroon negative
marquis positive
marriage positive
marrow positive
marry positive
marshal positive
martingale negative
martyr negative
martyrdom negative
marvel positive
marvelous positive
marvelously positive
masculine positive
masochism negative
massacre negative
massage positive
master positive
masterpiece positive
mastery positive
mate positive
materialism negative
materialist negative
maternal negative
maternal positive
matrimony positive
matron positive
maximum positive
mayor positive
meadow positive
meandering negative
meaningless negative
measles negative
measured positive
medal positive
meddle negative
mediate positive
mediation positive
mediator positive
medical positive
mediocre negative
mediocrity negative
meditate positive
mediterranean positive
medley positive
melancholic negative
melancholy negative
melee negative
melodrama negative
meltdown negative
memento positive
memorable positive
menace negative
menacing negative
mending positive
menial negative
menses positive
mentor positive
mercenary negative
merciful positive
merciless negative
mercy positive
merge positive
merit positive
meritorious positive
merriment positive
merry positive
mess negative
messy negative
metastasis negative
methanol negative
metropolitan positive
mettle positive
microscopy positive
midwife negative
midwife positive
midwifery positive
mighty positive
mildew negative
militia negative
mime positive
mimicry negative
mindful positive
mindfulness positive
minimize negative
minimum negative
ministry positive
minority negative
miracle positive
miraculous positive
mire negative
mirth positive
misbehavior negative
miscarriage negative
mischief negative
mischievous negative
misconception negative
misconduct negative
miserable negative
miserably negative
misery negative
misfortune negative
misguided negative
mishap negative
misinterpretation negative
mislead negative
misleading negative
mismanagement negative
mismatch negative
misnomer negative
misplace negative
misplaced negative
misrepresent negative
misrepresentation negative
misrepresented negative
missing negative
missionary positive
misstatement negative
mistake negative
mistaken negative
mistress negative
mistrust negative
misunderstand negative
misunderstanding negative
misuse negative
mite negative
mob negative
mockery negative
mocking negative
model positive
moderate positive
moderator positive
modest positive
modesty positive
molestation negative
momentum positive
monetary positive
money positive
monk positive
monochrome negative
monopolist negative
monsoon negative
monster negative
monstrosity negative
monument positive
moody negative
moot negative
moral positive
morality positive
morals positive
morbid negative
morbidity negative
morgue negative
moribund negative
moron negative
moronic negative
morsel negative
mortal negative
mortality negative
mortar positive
mortification negative
mortuary negative
mosquito negative
mother negative
mother positive
motherhood positive
motive positive
mourn negative
mournful negative
mourning negative
movable positive
mover positive
muck negative
mud negative
muddle negative
muddled negative
muddy negative
muff negative
mug negative
mug positive
mule negative
mum negative
mumble negative
mumps negative
murder negative
murderer negative
murderous negative
murky negative
muscular positive
music positive
musical positive
muss negative
musty negative
mutable positive
mutant negative
mutilated negative
mutilation negative
mutiny negative
mutter negative
mutual positive
muzzle negative
myopia negative
nab negative
nadir negative
nag negative
naive negative
nameless negative
nap positive
nappy negative
narcotic negative
nasty negative
naturalist positive
naughty negative
nausea negative
nauseous negative
navigable positive
nay negative
neatly positive
nectar positive
needful negative
needle positive
needy negative
nefarious negative
negation negative
negative negative
neglect negative
neglected negative
neglecting negative
negligence negative
negligent negative
negligently negative
negotiate positive
negotiator positive
negro negative
neighbor positive
nepotism negative
nerve positive
nervous negative
nestle positive
nether negative
nettle negative
neuralgia negative
neurosis negative
neurotic negative
nicotine negative
nigger negative
nightmare negative
nihilism negative
nobility positive
noble positive
nobleman positive
noise negative
noisy negative
nomination positive
noncompliance negative
nonsense negative
nonsensical negative
noose negative
normality positive
notable positive
notables positive
noted positive
nothingness negative
notion positive
notoriety negative
notoriety positive
nourishment positive
noxious negative
nuisance negative
nul negative
nullify negative
numb negative
numbers positive
numbness negative
nun negative
nurse positive
nursery positive
nurture positive
nutritious positive
oaf negative
oak positive
oasis positive
oath positive
obedience positive
obese negative
obesity negative
obi negative
obit negative
obituary negative
objection negative
objectionable negative
objective positive
oblige negative
obliging positive
obligor negative
obliterate negative
obliterated negative
obliteration negative
oblivion negative
obnoxious negative
obscene negative
obscenity negative
obscurity negative
observant positive
obstacle negative
obstinate negative
obstruct negative
obstruction negative
obstructive negative
obtainable positive
obtuse negative
obvious positive
occult negative
occupant positive
occupation positive
occupy positive
oddity negative
odious negative
odor negative
offend negative
offended negative
offender negative
offense negative
offensive negative
offer positive
offhand negative
officer positive
offing negative
offset positive
offshoot positive
ogre negative
olfactory negative
oligarchy negative
omen negative
ominous negative
omit negative
omnipotence negative
omnipotence positive
omniscient positive
onerous negative
onus negative
ooze negative
opaque negative
openness positive
opera positive
operatic negative
opiate negative
opinionated negative
opium negative
opponent negative
opportune positive
opportunity positive
oppose negative
opposed negative
opposition negative
oppress negative
oppression negative
oppressive negative
oppressor negative
optimism positive
optimist positive
option positive
optional positive
oracle positive
oration positive
orc negative
orchestra positive
ordained positive
ordeal negative
orderly positive
ordination positive
ordnance negative
organic positive
organization positive
organize positive
organized positive
orgasm positive
originality positive
ornamented positive
ornate positive
orphan negative
ostensibly negative
oust negative
outburst negative
outburst positive
outcast negative
outcome positive
outcry negative
outdo positive
outhouse negative
outlandish negative
outlaw negative
outrage negative
outstanding negative
outstanding positive
outward positive
ovation negative
overbearing negative
overburden negative
overcast negative
overdo negative
overdose negative
overdue negative
overestimated negative
overflow negative
overgrown negative
overjoyed positive
overload negative
overpaid negative
overpower negative
overpowering negative
overpriced negative
oversight negative
overthrow negative
overturn negative
overwhelm negative
overwhelmed negative
overwhelming positive
owing negative
ownership positive
oxidation negative
pacific positive
pad positive
padding positive
paddle positive
pain negative
pained negative
painful negative
painfully negative
pains negative
palatable positive
palliative positive
palsy negative
panacea positive
panache positive
pandemic negative
pang negative
panic negative
panier positive
paprika positive
parade negative
parade positive
paragon positive
paralysis negative
paralyzed negative
paramount positive
paranoia negative
paraphrase negative
paraphrase positive
parasite negative
pardon positive
pare negative
parentage positive
parietal positive
parrot negative
parsimonious negative
partake positive
participation positive
partisan negative
partner positive
partnership positive
passe negative
passion positive
passionate positive
passive negative
passivity negative
pastime positive
pastor positive
pastry positive
pasture positive
patch negative
patent positive
pathetic negative
patience positive
patient positive
patriarchal positive
patron positive
patronage positive
patronizing negative
patter negative
paucity negative
pauper negative
pawn negative
pay positive
payback negative
payment negative
peace positive
peaceable positive
peaceful positive
peacock positive
peck positive
peculiarities negative
peculiarity positive
pedestrian negative
pedigree positive
peerless positive
penal negative
penalty negative
penchant positive
penetration negative
penitentiary negative
perceive positive
perceptible positive
perdition negative
perennial positive
perfect positive
perfection positive
performer positive
peril negative
perilous negative
perish negative
perishable negative
perished negative
perishing negative
perjury negative
perk positive
permission positive
pernicious negative
perpetrator negative
perpetuation negative
perpetuity positive
perplexed negative
perplexity negative
persecute negative
persecution negative
persistence positive
persistent positive
personable positive
pertinent positive
perturbation negative
pertussis negative
perverse negative
perversion negative
pervert negative
perverted negative
pessimism negative
pessimist negative
pest negative
pestilence negative
pet negative
petroleum negative
petroleum positive
petty negative
phantom negative
pharmaceutical positive
philanthropist positive
philanthropy positive
philosopher positive
phlegm negative
phoenix positive
phonetic positive
phony negative
physician positive
physics positive
physiology positive
physique positive
pick positive
picket negative
picketing negative
pickle negative
picnic positive
picturesque positive
piety positive
pig negative
pigeon negative
piles negative
pill positive
pillage negative
pillow positive
pilot positive
pimp negative
pimple negative
pine negative
pinion negative
pinnacle positive
pioneer positive
pious positive
pique negative
piracy negative
pirate negative
pistol negative
pitfall negative
pith positive
pivot positive
placid positive
plagiarism negative
plague negative
plaintiff negative
planning positive
plated negative
player negative
playful positive
playground positive
playhouse positive
plea negative
pleasant positive
pleased positive
pleasurable positive
pledge positive
plenary positive
plentiful positive
plexus positive
plight negative
plodding negative
plum positive
plumb positive
plummet negative
plunder negative
plunge negative
plush positive
ply positive
pneumonia negative
poaching negative
pointedly positive
pointless negative
poison negative
poisoned negative
poisoning negative
poisonous negative
poke negative
polemic negative
police positive
policeman positive
polio negative
polish positive
polished positive
polite positive
politeness positive
politic positive
pollute negative
pollution negative
polygamy negative
pomp negative
pompous negative
ponderous negative
pool positive
poorly negative
pop negative
pope positive
popularity positive
popularized positive
population positive
porcupine negative
porn negative
porno negative
pornographic negative
pornography negative
portable positive
pose negative
possess positive
possessed negative
possession negative
posthumous negative
postponement negative
potable positive
potency positive
pound negative
poverty negative
powerful positive
powerfully positive
powerless negative
practice positive
practiced positive
practise positive
praise positive
praised positive
praiseworthy positive
prank negative
pray positive
precarious negative
precaution positive
precede positive
precedence positive
precinct negative
precious positive
precise positive
precision positive
predatory negative
predicament negative
predilection positive
predominant positive
preeminent positive
prefer positive
pregnancy negative
prejudice negative
prejudiced negative
prejudicial negative
premeditated negative
premier positive
premises positive
prepare positive
prepared positive
prescient positive
presence positive
present positive
presentable positive
presentment negative
presentment positive
preservative positive
preserve positive
president positive
pressure negative
prestige positive
presto positive
presumptuous negative
pretend negative
pretended negative
pretending negative
pretense negative
pretensions negative
pretty positive
prevail positive
prevention positive
preventive negative
prey negative
priceless positive
prick negative
prickly negative
pride positive
priest positive
priesthood positive
priestly positive
primacy positive
primary positive
prime positive
primer positive
prince positive
princely positive
princess positive
principal positive
prison negative
prisoner negative
pristine positive
privileged positive
privy negative
probity positive
problem negative
procedure positive
procession positive
procrastinate negative
procrastination negative
proctor positive
procure positive
prodigal negative
prodigal positive
prodigious positive
prodigy positive
producer positive
producing positive
production positive
productive positive
productivity positive
profane negative
profanity negative
profession positive
professional positive
professor positive
proficiency positive
proficient positive
profuse positive
profusion negative
progress positive
progression positive
progressive positive
prohibited negative
prohibition negative
prolific positive
prolong negative
prominence positive
prominently positive
promiscuous negative
promise positive
promising positive
promotion positive
prop positive
propaganda negative
proper positive
prophet positive
prophylactic positive
proposition positive
prosecute negative
prosecution negative
prospect positive
prosper positive
prosperity positive
prosperous positive
prostitute negative
prostitution negative
protect positive
protecting positive
protective positive
protector positive
proud positive
prove positive
proverbial positive
provide positive
providing positive
provocation negative
provoking negative
prudence positive
prudent positive
pry negative
prying negative
psalm positive
psychosis negative
public positive
publicist negative
puffy negative
pull positive
pulpit positive
punch negative
punctual positive
punctuality positive
pungent negative
punish negative
punished negative
punishing negative
punishment negative
punitive negative
puppy positive
purely positive
purgatory negative
purge negative
purification positive
purify positive
purist positive
purity positive
purr positive
pus negative
quack negative
quagmire negative
quail negative
quaint positive
qualified positive
qualifying positive
quandary negative
quarrel negative
quash negative
quell negative
quest positive
question positive
questionable negative
quickness positive
quicksilver negative
quiescent positive
quiet positive
quinine positive
quit negative
quiver negative
quivering negative
quiz negative
quote negative
quote positive
rabble negative
rabid negative
rabies negative
rack negative
racket negative
radiance positive
radiant positive
radiate positive
radiation negative
radio positive
radioactive negative
radon negative
rage negative
raging negative
rags negative
raid negative
rail negative
ram negative
rambling negative
rampage negative
rancid negative
ransom negative
rape negative
rapt positive
raptors negative
rapture positive
rascal negative
rash negative
rat negative
rating negative
rational positive
raucous negative
rave negative
rave positive
ravenous negative
raving negative
reactionary negative
reader positive
readily positive
readiness positive
reading positive
reaffirm positive
real positive
rear negative
reason positive
reassurance positive
reassure positive
rebate positive
rebel negative
rebuke negative
rebut negative
recalcitrant negative
recast positive
received positive
receiving positive
recession negative
recherche positive
recidivism negative
reciprocate positive
reckless negative
recklessness negative
reclamation positive
recline positive
recognizable positive
recommend positive
reconciliation positive
reconsideration positive
reconstruct positive
reconstruction positive
recorder positive
recoup positive
recovery positive
recreation positive
recreational positive
rectify positive
redemption positive
redress positive
redundant negative
refine positive
refinement positive
reflux negative
reform positive
reformation positive
reformer positive
refractory negative
refreshing positive
refurbish positive
refusal negative
refuse negative
refused negative
regal positive
regent positive
regress negative
regression negative
regressive negative
regressive positive
regret negative
regrettable negative
regretted negative
regretting negative
regularity positive
regulate positive
regulatory negative
rehabilitate positive
rehabilitation positive
reimburse positive
reimbursement positive
rein negative
reinforcement positive
reinstate positive
reject negative
rejected negative
rejection negative
rejects negative
rejoice positive
rejoicing positive
rejuvenate positive
rejuvenated positive
rekindle negative
rekindle positive
relapse negative
relaxation positive
relegation negative
relevant positive
reliability positive
reliable positive
reliance positive
relief positive
relieving positive
relinquish negative
reluctant negative
remains negative
remains positive
remake positive
remand negative
remarkable positive
remarkably positive
remedial negative
remedy positive
remiss negative
remission positive
remodel positive
remorse negative
removal negative
remove negative
renaissance positive
rencontre negative
rend negative
render positive
renegade negative
renewal positive
renounce negative
renovate positive
renovation positive
renown positive
renowned positive
renunciation negative
reorganize positive
reparation positive
repay positive
repellant negative
repellent negative
repelling negative
repent positive
replenish positive
replete positive
reporter positive
repose positive
represented positive
repress negative
repression negative
reprimand negative
reprint negative
reprisal negative
reproach negative
reproductive positive
republic negative
repudiation negative
repulsion negative
reputable positive
rescind negative
rescission negative
rescue positive
resent negative
resentful negative
resentment negative
reserve positive
resident positive
resign negative
resignation negative
resigned negative
resilient positive
resist negative
resistance negative
resistant negative
resisting negative
resistive positive
resolutely positive
resources positive
respect positive
respectability positive
respectable positive
respectful positive
respecting positive
respects positive
respite positive
resplendent positive
responsible positive
responsive positive
rest positive
restful positive
restitution positive
restorative positive
restoring positive
restrain negative
restraint positive
restrict negative
restriction negative
restrictive negative
resumption positive
retaliate negative
retaliation negative
retaliatory negative
retard negative
retardation negative
retention positive
reticent negative
retirement negative
retirement positive
retort negative
retract negative
retraction negative
retrenchment negative
retribution negative
retrograde negative
reunion positive
revel positive
revels positive
revenge negative
revere positive
reverence positive
reverend positive
reverie positive
reversal negative
revise positive
revival positive
revive negative
revive positive
revocation negative
revoke negative
revolt negative
revolting negative
revolution negative
revolution positive
revolutionary positive
revolver negative
revulsion negative
reward positive
rheumatism negative
rhythm positive
rhythmical positive
ribbon positive
richness positive
rickety negative
riddled negative
rider positive
ridicule negative
ridiculous negative
rife negative
rifle negative
rift negative
righteous positive
rightful positive
rightly positive
rigid negative
rigidity negative
rigor negative
rigorous negative
ringer negative
riot negative
riotous negative
ripe positive
ripen positive
rising positive
risk negative
risky negative
rivalry negative
riveting positive
roadster positive
rob negative
robber negative
robbery negative
robust positive
rock positive
rod positive
rogue negative
rollicking positive
romance positive
romantic positive
romanticism positive
romp positive
rook negative
rooted positive
rosy positive
rot negative
rota positive
rotting negative
roughness negative
rout negative
routine positive
row negative
rowdy negative
royalty positive
rubbish negative
rubble negative
rubric positive
rue negative
ruffle negative
rugged negative
ruin negative
ruined negative
ruinous negative
rumor negative
runaway negative
rupture negative
ruse negative
rust negative
rusty negative
ruth positive
ruthless negative
saber negative
sabotage negative
sacrifices negative
sadly negative
sadness negative
safe positive
safeguard positive
sag negative
sage positive
saint positive
saintly positive
salary positive
salient positive
salutary positive
salute positive
salvation positive
salve positive
samurai positive
sanctification positive
sanctify positive
sanctuary positive
sanguine positive
sanitary positive
sap negative
sarcasm negative
sarcoma negative
sardonic negative
satanic negative
satin positive
satisfactorily positive
satisfied positive
saturated negative
savage negative
savagery negative
save positive
savings positive
savor positive
savory positive
savvy positive
scab negative
scaffold negative
scalpel negative
scaly negative
scandal negative
scandalous negative
scanty negative
scapegoat negative
scar negative
scarce negative
scarcely negative
scarcity negative
scare negative
scarecrow negative
scarecrow positive
scavenger negative
scheme negative
schism negative
schizophrenia negative
scholar positive
scholarship positive
sciatica negative
scientific positive
scientist positive
scintilla positive
scoff negative
scold negative
scolding negative
scorching negative
score positive
scorn negative
scorpion negative
scotch negative
scoundrel negative
scourge negative
scrambling negative
scrapie negative
scream negative
screaming negative
screech negative
screwed negative
scribe positive
scrimmage negative
script positive
scrub negative
scrumptious positive
scrutinize negative
scrutiny negative
sculpture positive
scum negative
sea positive
seal positive
sear negative
seasoned positive
secession negative
secluded negative
seclusion negative
seclusion positive
secondhand negative
secretariat positive
secretion negative
secretive negative
sectarian negative
sedition negative
seduce negative
seduction negative
segregate negative
segregated negative
seize negative
selfish negative
selfishness negative
senile negative
seniority positive
sensational positive
sense positive
senseless negative
sensibility positive
sensibly positive
sensual negative
sensual positive
sensuality positive
sensuous positive
sentence negative
sentimental positive
sentimentality positive
sentinel positive
separatist negative
sepsis negative
septic negative
sequestration negative
serene negative
serenity positive
sermon positive
serpent negative
serum positive
servant negative
serve negative
servile negative
servitude negative
setback negative
settlor positive
sever negative
sewage negative
sewerage negative
sex positive
shabby negative
shack negative
shackle negative
shady negative
shaking negative
shaky negative
sham negative
shambles negative
shame negative
shameful negative
shameless negative
shanghai negative
shape positive
shapely positive
share positive
shark negative
shatter negative
shattered negative
shed negative
shell negative
shelter positive
shelved negative
shepherd positive
shine positive
shining positive
shipwreck negative
shit negative
shiver negative
shock negative
shoddy negative
shoot negative
shooting negative
shoplifting negative
shopping positive
shortage negative
shortcoming negative
shot negative
shoulder positive
shove negative
showy negative
shrewd positive
shriek negative
shrill negative
shrink negative
shrunk negative
shudder negative
shun negative
sick negative
sickening negative
sickly negative
sickness negative
silk positive
silly negative
simplify positive
sin negative
sincere positive
sincerity positive
sinful negative
sing positive
singly positive
sinister negative
sinner negative
sinning negative
sir positive
siren negative
sissy negative
sisterhood positive
skeptical negative
sketchy negative
skewed negative
skid negative
skilled positive
skillful positive
skip negative
skirmish negative
sky positive
slack negative
slag negative
slam negative
slander negative
slanderous negative
slap negative
slate positive
slaughter negative
slaughterhouse negative
slaughtering negative
slave negative
slavery negative
slay negative
slayer negative
sleek positive
sleet negative
slender positive
slim positive
slimy negative
slink negative
slip negative
slop negative
sloppy negative
sloth negative
slouch negative
slough negative
slowness negative
sludge negative
slug negative
sluggish negative
slum negative
slump negative
slur negative
slush negative
slut negative
sly negative
smack negative
small negative
smash negative
smashed negative
smattering negative
smell negative
smelling negative
smile positive
smiling positive
smirk negative
smite negative
smitten positive
smoker negative
smoothness positive
smother negative
smudge negative
smug negative
smuggle negative
smuggler negative
smuggling negative
smut negative
snag negative
snags negative
snake negative
snare negative
snarl negative
snarling negative
sneak negative
sneaking negative
sneer negative
sneeze negative
snicker positive
snide negative
snob negative
soak negative
sob negative
sobriety positive
sociable positive
socialist negative
soil negative
soiled negative
solace positive
soldier positive
solid positive
solidity positive
solution positive
solvency positive
somatic negative
somber negative
sonar positive
sonata positive
sonnet positive
sonorous positive
soot negative
soothe positive
soothing positive
sorcery negative
sordid negative
sore negative
sorely negative
soreness negative
sorrow negative
sorrowful negative
sorter positive
sortie negative
soulless negative
soulmate negative
soundness positive
soup positive
sour negative
spa positive
spacious positive
spaniel positive
spank negative
sparkle positive
spasm negative
spat negative
spear negative
special positive
specie positive
speck negative
spectacle negative
spectacle positive
specter negative
spectral negative
speculation negative
speech positive
speedy positive
spelling positive
spent negative
spice positive
spine negative
spine positive
spinster negative
spirit positive
spirits positive
spite negative
spiteful negative
splendid positive
splendor positive
splinter negative
split negative
splitting negative
spoil negative
spoiler negative
spoke negative
sponge negative
sponsor positive
spook negative
spotless positive
spouse positive
sprain negative
spree negative
sprite negative
spruce positive
spurious negative
squall negative
squatter negative
squeamish negative
squelch negative
squirm negative
stab negative
stable positive
staccato positive
staggering negative
stagnant negative
stain negative
stainless positive
stale negative
stalk negative
stallion positive
stalwart positive
stamina positive
standing positive
standoff negative
standstill negative
star positive
staring negative
stark negative
starlight positive
starry positive
startle negative
starvation negative
starved negative
starving negative
stately positive
statement positive
stationary negative
statue positive
status positive
staunch positive
stave negative
steadfast positive
steal negative
stealing negative
stealthy negative
stellar positive
stereotype negative
stereotyped negative
sterile negative
sterility negative
sterling negative
sterling positive
stern negative
steward positive
stiff negative
stiffness negative
stifle negative
stifled negative
stigma negative
stillborn negative
stillness positive
sting negative
stinging negative
stingy negative
stink negative
stinking negative
stint negative
stocks negative
stolen negative
stone negative
stoned negative
stools negative
stoppage negative
store positive
storm negative
stormy negative
straightforward positive
strained negative
straits negative
stranded negative
stranger negative
strangle negative
strategic positive
strategist positive
stray negative
strength positive
strengthen positive
strengthening positive
stress negative
strife negative
strike negative
striking positive
strikingly positive
strip negative
stripe negative
stripped negative
stroke negative
strongly positive
structure positive
struggle negative
strut negative
stud positive
study positive
stuffy negative
stumble negative
stunned negative
stunted negative
stupid negative
stupidity negative
stupor negative
sturdy positive
sty negative
subdue negative
subject negative
subjected negative
subjection negative
subjugation negative
sublimation positive
subordinate negative
subpoena negative
subsidence negative
subsidy negative
subsist negative
substance positive
substantive positive
subtract negative
subversion negative
subversive negative
subvert negative
succeed positive
succeeding positive
success positive
successful positive
succinct positive
succulent negative
succulent positive
succumb negative
suck negative
sucker negative
sue negative
suffer negative
sufferer negative
suffering negative
sufficiency positive
suffocating negative
suffocation negative
sugar positive
suicidal negative
suicide negative
suitable positive
sullen negative
sultry positive
summons negative
sun positive
sunk negative
sunny positive
sunset positive
sunshine positive
superb positive
superficial negative
superfluous negative
superhuman positive
superior positive
superiority positive
superman positive
superstar positive
superstition negative
superstition positive
superstitious negative
supplication positive
supplies positive
supply positive
supported positive
supporter positive
supporting positive
suppress negative
suppression negative
supremacy negative
supremacy positive
supreme positive
supremely positive
surcharge negative
surety positive
surly negative
surmise positive
surpassing positive
surprise positive
surrender negative
surrendering negative
surround negative
surround positive
surveying positive
survive positive
susceptible negative
suspect negative
suspension negative
suspicion negative
suspicious negative
swab negative
swamp negative
swampy negative
swastika negative
swear positive
sweet positive
sweetheart positive
sweetie positive
sweetness positive
sweets positive
swelling negative
swift positive
swig negative
swim positive
swine negative
swollen negative
symbolic positive
symmetrical positive
symmetry positive
sympathetic positive
sympathy positive
symphony positive
symptom negative
synchronize positive
syncope negative
synergistic positive
synod positive
synonymous negative
synonymous positive
taboo negative
tact positive
taint negative
tale positive
talent positive
talisman positive
talk positive
talons negative
tangled negative
tanned positive
tantalizing negative
tantalizing positive
tardiness negative
tardy negative
tariff negative
tarnish negative
tarry negative
task positive
tasteful positive
tasteless negative
tasty positive
taunt negative
tax negative
teach positive
teacher positive
tease negative
teasing negative
technology positive
tedious negative
tedium negative
teens negative
teens positive
temperance positive
tempered positive
tempest negative
temptation negative
tenable positive
tenacious positive
tenacity positive
tenancy positive
tenant positive
tender positive
tenderness positive
tenement negative
terminal negative
termination negative
termite negative
terrible negative
terror negative
terrorism negative
terrorist negative
terrorize negative
tetanus negative
tether negative
thankful positive
thanksgiving positive
theft negative
theism negative
theocratic negative
theoretical positive
therapeutic positive
therapeutics positive
thief negative
thinker positive
thirsty negative
thorn negative
thorny negative
thoroughbred positive
thoughtful positive
thoughtfulness positive
thoughtless negative
thrash negative
threat negative
threaten negative
threatening negative
thresh negative
thrift positive
thrill positive
thrilling positive
thriving positive
throb negative
throne positive
throttle negative
thug negative
thump negative
thundering negative
thwart negative
tickle positive
tiff negative
tiling positive
timely positive
timid negative
timidity negative
tinsel positive
tipsy negative
tirade negative
tired negative
tiredness negative
tiresome negative
tit negative
title positive
toad negative
toast positive
tobacco negative
toilet negative
toils negative
tolerant positive
tolerate negative
toleration positive
toothache negative
top positive
torment negative
torn negative
torpedo negative
torrid negative
tort negative
tortious negative
torture negative
touched negative
touchy negative
tough negative
toughness positive
tower positive
towering positive
toxic negative
toxin negative
traditional positive
tragedy negative
tragic negative
traitor negative
tramp negative
trance negative
tranquil positive
tranquility positive
transcendence positive
transcendental positive
transgression negative
trappings negative
traps negative
trash negative
trashy negative
traumatic negative
travail negative
traveling positive
travesty negative
treacherous negative
treachery negative
treason negative
treasure positive
treat negative
treat positive
tree positive
trembling negative
tremendously positive
tremor negative
trend positive
trendy positive
trepidation negative
trespass negative
tribulation negative
tribunal negative
tributary positive
tribute positive
trick negative
trickery negative
trifle negative
trig positive
tripping negative
triumph positive
triumphant positive
troll negative
trophy positive
troublesome negative
truce positive
true positive
trumpet negative
trusty positive
truth positive
truthfulness positive
tumble negative
tumor negative
tumour negative
tumult negative
tumultuous negative
turbulence negative
turbulent negative
turmoil negative
tutelage positive
tutor positive
twin positive
twinkle positive
twitch negative
typhoon negative
tyrannical negative
tyranny negative
tyrant negative
ugliness negative
ugly negative
ulcer negative
ulterior negative
ultimately positive
ultimatum negative
umpire positive
unable negative
unacceptable negative
unaccountable negative
unanimity positive
unanimous positive
unapproved negative
unassuming positive
unattached negative
unattainable negative
unattractive negative
unauthorized negative
unavoidable negative
unaware negative
unbearable negative
unbeaten negative
unbeaten positive
unbelief negative
unbelievable negative
unbiased positive
unborn negative
unbreakable positive
unbridled negative
unbridled positive
unbroken positive
uncanny negative
uncaring negative
uncertain negative
unchangeable negative
unclean negative
uncomfortable negative
unconscionable negative
unconscious negative
unconstitutional negative
unconstrained positive
uncontrollable negative
uncontrolled negative
undecided negative
underline positive
undermined negative
underpaid negative
undersized negative
understanding positive
underwrite positive
undesirable negative
undesired negative
undivided positive
undo negative
undying positive
uneasiness negative
uneasy negative
uneducated negative
unemployed negative
unequal negative
unequivocally positive
uneven negative
unexpected negative
unexpected positive
unexplained negative
unfair negative
unfairness negative
unfaithful negative
unfavorable negative
unfinished negative
unfold positive
unforgiving negative
unfortunate negative
unfriendly negative
unfulfilled negative
unfurnished negative
ungodly negative
ungrateful negative
unhappiness negative
unhappy negative
unhealthy negative
unholy negative
unification positive
uniformly positive
unimaginable negative
unimaginable positive
unimportant negative
unimpressed negative
unimproved negative
uninfected positive
uninformed negative
uninitiated negative
uninspired negative
unintelligible negative
unintentionally negative
uninterested negative
uninteresting negative
unique positive
unison positive
unitary positive
united positive
unity positive
university positive
unjust negative
unjustifiable negative
unjustified negative
unkind negative
unknown negative
unlawful negative
unlicensed negative
unlimited positive
unlucky negative
unmanageable negative
unnatural negative
unofficial negative
unpaid negative
unpleasant negative
unpopular negative
unpredictable negative
unprepared negative
unpretentious positive
unproductive negative
unprofitable negative
unprotected negative
unpublished negative
unquestionable positive
unquestionably positive
unquestioned positive
unreliable negative
unrequited negative
unruly negative
unsafe negative
unsatisfactory negative
unsatisfied negative
unsavory negative
unscathed positive
unscrupulous negative
unselfish positive
unsettled negative
unsightly negative
unsophisticated negative
unspeakable negative
unstable negative
unsuccessful negative
unsuitable negative
unsung negative
unsupported negative
unsurpassed positive
unsustainable negative
unsympathetic negative
untamed negative
untenable negative
unthinkable negative
untidy negative
untie negative
untie positive
untimely negative
untitled negative
untold negative
untoward negative
untrained negative
untrue negative
untrustworthy negative
unwarranted negative
unwashed negative
unwavering positive
unwelcome negative
unwell negative
unwillingness negative
unwise negative
unwitting negative
unworthy negative
unyielding negative
upheaval negative
uphill negative
uphill positive
uplift positive
upright positive
uprising negative
uproar negative
upset negative
urchin negative
urgent negative
usefulness positive
useless negative
usher positive
usual positive
usurp negative
usurped negative
usury negative
utility positive
utopian positive
vacancy negative
vacation positive
vaccine positive
vacuous negative
vague negative
vagueness negative
vainly negative
valiant positive
valor positive
valuable positive
vampire negative
vanguard positive
vanished negative
vanity negative
vanquish positive
varicella negative
varicose negative
vegetative negative
vehement negative
velvet positive
velvety positive
vendetta negative
venerable positive
veneration positive
vengeance negative
vengeful negative
venom negative
venomous negative
veracity positive
verbosity negative
verdant positive
verge negative
verification positive
verified positive
verily positive
veritable positive
vermin negative
vernal positive
versus negative
vertigo negative
verve positive
veteran positive
veto negative
vicar positive
vice negative
vicious negative
victim negative
victimized negative
victor positive
victorious positive
victory positive
vigilance positive
vigilant positive
vigor positive
vigorous positive
villager positive
villain negative
villainous negative
vindicated positive
vindication positive
vindictive negative
violation negative
violence negative
violent negative
violently negative
viper negative
virgin positive
virginity positive
virtue positive
virtuous positive
virulence negative
virus negative
vision positive
visionary positive
visit positive
visitation negative
visitor positive
vital positive
vitality positive
vivacious positive
vivid positive
vixen negative
vocabulary positive
volatility negative
volcano negative
volunteer positive
voluptuous positive
vomiting negative
voodoo negative
vote negative
vote positive
vouch positive
vow positive
vulgar negative
vulgarity negative
vulnerability negative
vulture negative
waffle negative
wages positive
wail negative
wait negative
wallow negative
wan negative
wane negative
wanting negative
war negative
warden negative
ware negative
warfare negative
warlike negative
warn negative
warp negative
warped negative
warranty positive
warrior positive
wart negative
waste negative
wasted negative
wasteful negative
wasting negative
watchdog positive
watchful positive
watchman positive
waterproof positive
watery negative
waver negative
weakened negative
weakly negative
weakness negative
wealth positive
wear negative
wearily negative
weariness negative
weary negative
weatherproof positive
weeds negative
weep negative
weight negative
weight positive
weird negative
weirdo negative
welcomed positive
wen negative
wench negative
whack negative
whim negative
whine negative
whip negative
whirlwind negative
whisky negative
white positive
whiteness positive
wholesome positive
whore negative
wicked negative
wickedness negative
wicket positive
widespread positive
wild negative
wildcat negative
wildfire negative
willful negative
willingly positive
willingness positive
wimp negative
wimpy negative
wince negative
windfall positive
winner positive
winning positive
winnings positive
wireless positive
wis positive
wisdom positive
wise positive
wit positive
witch negative
witchcraft negative
withdraw negative
wither negative
withered negative
withstand positive
wits positive
witty positive
wizard positive
woe negative
woeful negative
woefully negative
womb positive
wonderful positive
wonderfully positive
wondrous positive
word positive
words negative
working positive
worm negative
worn negative
worried negative
worry negative
worrying negative
worse negative
worsening negative
worship positive
worth positive
worthless negative
worthy positive
wot positive
wound negative
wrangling negative
wrath negative
wreak negative
wreck negative
wrecked negative
wrench negative
wrestling negative
wretch negative
wretched negative
writer positive
wrong negative
wrongdoing negative
wrongful negative
wrongly negative
wrought negative
wry negative
xenophobia negative
yawn negative
yawning negative
yearning negative
yearning positive
yell negative
yellows negative
yelp negative
young positive
younger positive
youth positive
zeal positive
zealous positive
zest positive
zip negative
